# Tusi Paleon
Lightweight Malware Forensic Tool
According to our experience, two of the most important problems that we encounter during cyber incidents are tools that are used to gather information to find the "intruder/malware" and the actual waste of time to do that. As collecting system data using various tools, analyzing it, obtaining results and reporting them to the victim is a laborious and time consuming process. Furthermore, sometimes collecting data while using several tools simultaniously can create several diffuculties. 

By taking advantage of our experiences, in order to preserve and maintain efficiency during such investigations we have developed a tool called "Tusi Paleon" . The main advantage of "Tusi Paleon" is that it can gather potential system artifacts that may carry traces of malware, store them in a single database (in encrypted and compressed format) and minimize the time loss, all while using a single tool. Another benefit of the tool is that the volume of collected system artifacts is much lower than the volume of data collected by traditional tools (forensics). Traditional tools collect system information by backing up and anayzing the entire hard drive and RAM. Although these types of methods are still being used effectively today, an increase in volumes of modern hard drives and RAM creates more data than is typically needed during an investigation. As a result, a lof of time is being wasted while collecting this information.

Taking into consideration the above mentioned problems and especially the increase in malware incidents nowadays, development of new products has become a pressing matter. "Tusi Paleon" gathers system data in real time without analyzing the entirety of the hard drive and RAM. Afterwards, it tries to get information about the malware by analyzing the collected raw data
